Issue templates (#26)
pq-code-package/tsc: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new_repo.md

---
name: Create a new repo in the PQCP GitHub org
about: request new repo
title: Create a repo
labels: repo-ops
assignees: ryjones, planetf1, dstebila

---

Please include:

* GitHub repo to create:
* Project to be added to: 

> * Teams with which access: (examples [on GitHub team list](https://github.com/orgs/hyperledger/teams))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Teams with which access: (examples [on GitHub team list](https://github.com/orgs/pq-code-package/teams))
```
